19-1. Blog: Start a new Django project called Blog. Create an app called blogs
in the project, with a model called BlogPost. The model should have fields like
title, text, and date_added. Create a superuser for the project, and use the
admin site to make a couple of short posts. Make a home page that shows all
posts in chronological order.
Create a form for making new posts and another for editing existing posts.
Fill in your forms to make sure they work.

DONE 1. Start a new Django project called Blog
DONE 2. Create an app called blogs in the project
DONE 3. Create model called BlogPost with fields like title, text, and date_added
DONE 4. Create a superuser for the project
DONE 5. use the admin site to make a couple of short posts
DONE 6. Make a home page that shows all posts in chronological order
DONE 7. Create a form for making new posts and 
DONE 8. Create a form for editing existing posts
DONE 9. Fill in your forms to make sure they work.

superuser
blogs_admin
blogs12345

19-2. Blog Accounts: Add a user authentication and registration system to the
Blog project you started in Exercise 19-1 (page 438). Make sure logged-in
users see their username somewhere on the screen and unregistered users see
a link to the registration page.

DONE 1. Add a user authentication and registration
DONE 2. Make sure logged-in users see their username somewhere on the screen 
DONE 3. unregistered users see a link to the registration page

19-5. Protected Blog: In your Blog project, make sure each blog post is con-
nected to a particular user. Make sure all posts are publicly accessible but only
registered users can add posts and edit existing posts. In the view that allows
users to edit their posts, make sure the user is editing their own post before pro-
cessing the form.

DONE 1. make sure each blog post is connected to a particular user
CHECK 2. Make sure all posts are publicly accessible 
DONE 3. Only registered users can add posts and edit existing posts.
DONE 4. In the view that allows users to edit their posts, make sure the user is editing 
their own post before processing the form.

Bonus: Hide edit and add new blogpost buttons when not logged in
BONUS: Hide edit button if user is not the owner of the topic
BONUS: Hide A
